Belis Aladag: Elijah Nelson will be coming in shortly I checked his cures database.
Belis Aladag: There is no information there. So no controlled substances have been prescribed in the past.
Belis Aladag: Hello there you are.
Belis Aladag: Okay, this is better.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so welcome. I'm Dr. Allah DAG.
Elijah Nelson: I
Belis Aladag: Understand that
Belis Aladag: I just got a brief flow down that you were in the emergency room.
Belis Aladag: From there, so
Belis Aladag: Tell me a bit about what was going on that led you to that ER visit
Elijah Nelson: Well,
Elijah Nelson: About three years ago, I went to the doctor for my back and
Elijah Nelson: I own a home in Tennessee. I'm out here. I've been out here for about, I don't know, homie. Good enough is not here working for about five months.
Elijah Nelson: Okay, I'm from out here like I grew up out here and everything, but like, what's the doctor and they referred me to a pain management.
Elijah Nelson: And they were giving me all kinds of different stuff and I just got really tired of taking like Hydra koto koto track higher to purchase it just kind of got like too much, you know,
Elijah Nelson: A friend of mine told me, like, hey, we kind of went to the similar thing was like, hey, I take boxes and I said, Have you been able to
Elijah Nelson: You know, tell me all about it. I tried it.
Elijah Nelson: Like I have to look back, you know, I don't take no bills. Come on. I don't like you know
Belis Aladag: When did you, when did you start the Suboxone for your pain.
Elijah Nelson: Out about a year ago.
Belis Aladag: A year ago. Okay. And who
Belis Aladag: Started it or where you are. You just taking it from the street or
Elijah Nelson: Get it from friends.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: So about a year ago, you just decided to take the situation in your own hands.
Elijah Nelson: And you were lucky enough
Belis Aladag: This hydrocodone and I'll get it. We'll get into details of how
Belis Aladag: Much hydrocodone and stuff but
Belis Aladag: You were on some pain pills and it was like escalating
Belis Aladag: And filled
Elijah Nelson: It was
Elijah Nelson: Chaos.
Elijah Nelson: And you decided
Belis Aladag: To Suboxone and you've been getting his friends for the past year. Oh.
Belis Aladag: You're milligram
Elijah Nelson: Eight.
Elijah Nelson: Grams.
Elijah Nelson: Usually I'll take I'll take one a day and then sometimes I try to do have, you know,
Elijah Nelson: Okay, I do okay with half and then I can usually it's sometimes I can go like up to three days and I feel okay you know like that's what happened on Sunday. I was just like, at three or four days. And I'm just hurting my legs. My
Elijah Nelson: Legs are hurting
Elijah Nelson: And like
Elijah Nelson: I can't sleep. Yes.
Elijah Nelson: So no
Elijah Nelson: I'm tired, but I can't sleep.
Belis Aladag: That's the worst, isn't it.
Elijah Nelson: Really, I don't understand.
Belis Aladag: So, so. Okay, so I'm understanding that you were okay for the past year, getting it somehow and friends. But in the last like
Belis Aladag: Four days or something you
Belis Aladag: Ran out
Elijah Nelson: And you're into the
Draw
Belis Aladag: Good, good. Okay. Well, you did the right thing and
Belis Aladag: did the right thing.
Belis Aladag: I'm here.
Belis Aladag: You, you mentioned you're from, where, where are you right now.
Elijah Nelson: All right, now I'm working at Chevron refinery.
Belis Aladag: Okay, first in California. Okay. But before then were you outside of the states were you
Belis Aladag: In the past year, I see no prescriptions for you.
Elijah Nelson: Know controlled substances.
Belis Aladag: So again, you were using it from friends. So you weren't being
Elijah Nelson: Prescribed no
Elijah Nelson: No, no.
Elijah Nelson: I see. Okay.
Elijah Nelson: But before
Belis Aladag: Before that year. Tell me about what dose, like how high
Belis Aladag: How much
Belis Aladag: hydrocodone has been on
Elijah Nelson: Well, at first it was supposed to be taking like
Elijah Nelson: A day, and there were
Elijah Nelson: 10 I was getting up to like 10 a day.
Elijah Nelson: And it was just, it just, it was like
Elijah Nelson: I don't know, like a never ending like battle I stayed liking. I just like it doesn't make me feel the same when I stopped taking it was just like all bad, like I couldn't function right
Belis Aladag: Right. Oh.
Elijah Nelson: Well, my friend was like, hey, you should try this.
Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: I like it because it doesn't like mentally. Like, I feel, clear. You know what I mean, like, I don't feel like
Belis Aladag: It's not altering
Exactly.
Elijah Nelson: I'm still able to function. Fine, I'm not like
Elijah Nelson: Stupid around or anything, you know, okay.
Belis Aladag: Good. Um, okay. So it sounds like you've been I'm
Belis Aladag: Evil on between four and eight milligrams a day.
Belis Aladag: For our purposes, I would rather you stay steady on one dose.
Belis Aladag: And then later on.
Belis Aladag: If you're like, you know,
Elijah Nelson: I think I'm
Elijah Nelson: going on now for
Belis Aladag: Whatever two years or whatever.
Belis Aladag: You
Want
To taper you down.
Belis Aladag: But only if you want, when you want later.
Belis Aladag: Right, so
Belis Aladag: I think
Belis Aladag: My recommendation would be
Belis Aladag: If you feel a this too much. We could do formula.
Elijah Nelson: On it.
Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: You know, if I just take the buyer. So a longer period of time without it.
Elijah Nelson: Every day I found that I can go up to two, three A's and I'm okay with that third night.
Belis Aladag: So that's the thing, my recommendation is you take something every day.
Belis Aladag: Because the upset. I don't want the whole point of this medication is it prevents those ups and downs that the other opioids cause
Belis Aladag: And then policy.
Issues and
Belis Aladag: This is very stable in your bloodstream.
Belis Aladag: But we don't want to play around that it becomes
Elijah Nelson: The only reason I really do that is because we have
Elijah Nelson: So meeting my god
Elijah Nelson: I don't know. Is it good. It was hard for me to go to the it was hard for me to go to you.
Belis Aladag: Can you can you bring them like closer or
Elijah Nelson: I'm sorry, yeah. I said, I'll have my friend said to me, and it's
Elijah Nelson: Like what I have what I have to make that lab right as you are asking anybody else. Yes. No. I went to the I SHOULD WATCH THE MERGER OR product. See a doctor.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, it's okay.
Belis Aladag: It's okay. You're here now.
Belis Aladag: And the
Elijah Nelson: Pieces. You shouldn't you shouldn't
Belis Aladag: Have to
Belis Aladag: Be on that, like a scarcity.
Belis Aladag: Mentality if I got to make this lab.
Belis Aladag: We'll do regular visits will
Belis Aladag: Do regular check ins and and give you your medication on a regular basis. So I don't see a problem with that.
Belis Aladag: Possible then with four milligrams a day if you're going to
Elijah Nelson: Think, or do you prefer to just stick with me.
Elijah Nelson: I mean, he was they got sick.
Elijah Nelson: You can do six
Belis Aladag: Okay, so
Belis Aladag: I could give you two milligrams
Belis Aladag: Tab or
Belis Aladag: You can take three of
Belis Aladag: You take it all together.
Elijah Nelson: That's what I have, I have eight milligram films and what I'll do is like
Elijah Nelson: Or I'll take a little bit
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I think we'll give you three two milligrams
Belis Aladag: And you take it back to
Belis Aladag: Back or all together, however you want to do it. You know how to melt it under your tongue, it gets into your system that way.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so we'll do it that way.
Belis Aladag: And
Belis Aladag: Does your inch. Well, we don't know about your insurance coverage. But if the insurance prefers tablets over films.
Elijah Nelson: I mean,
Belis Aladag: Whatever works right i mean
Belis Aladag: You prefer the film. Do you want me to put in for the film.
Elijah Nelson: Or do you want. That's usually what I cake, but I guess it doesn't matter.
Belis Aladag: It really doesn't matter. I'll put in for film, but if the insurance is like, Oh, it's so much cheaper for you.
Belis Aladag: To get the tablet.
You can ask them.
Elijah Nelson: I got a call yesterday, basically saying I talk. What I did the evaluation. He went over the prices.
Elijah Nelson: I can't afford them right now. I'm waiting for my insurance to kick in for this for the job. I've been working for five months, I've been dealing with the
Elijah Nelson: Benefits department for the Union, and I told him, I said, soon as they can activate my benefits is April 1 and then I get a call yesterday saying from
Elijah Nelson: On, on, I forget her name, but she works in the office over there. She's like, we can give it to you for free. I'm like,
Elijah Nelson: I get some
Elijah Nelson: Some kind of grant or something.
Belis Aladag: Oh, beautiful. Okay. Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: I mean, I say, well, look.
Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, so yeah. So then let's do it that way.
Belis Aladag: Did she saved the Suboxone branding.
Belis Aladag: I'll see. I'll see which one she's
Belis Aladag: Talking to make sure I order that one.
Belis Aladag: Are you okay
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, the only guys going to lunch.
Belis Aladag: Um, okay. So we'll, I'll, we'll make sure that you can get your hands on that and if it can be free. That would be awesome. Let's do that.
Belis Aladag: So yeah, I'll put him for that. And we'll regardless of film or tablet, whatever we can get you. It's going to dissolve under your tongue. It's going to be six milligrams a day. And let's just stay steady every day. Same time try to take it.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and tell me
Belis Aladag: About the. So how many years ago was this pain situation, what happened exactly. You bet you hurt your back and you went into a pain doctor
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, I went into a doctor over in McKinsey, Tennessee.
Elijah Nelson: I, you know, and I established, you know, care with a doctor named Dr blonde and you know I did the whole MRI, they did all that for me in this like to. And basically he just said that he got he can see
Elijah Nelson: a pinched nerve and then like in my lower back and I had it and he could see a lot of
Elijah Nelson: Was it arthritis in my bag. Okay.
Elijah Nelson: I was like, man, I want to young
Elijah Nelson: Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: But I saw him, I was like I was doing rehabilitation stuff and I tried to do
Elijah Nelson: Like a chiropractor doctor
Elijah Nelson: And I just told him, it's, I mean I'm just in pain all the time, you know, and
Elijah Nelson: He's like, Well, I'm going to refer you over to the pain management, too. So I went to the pain management in place for
Elijah Nelson: Now I've worked with state last year at one point or another, and
Belis Aladag: Repeat that you you blocking put out
Belis Aladag: There for my loan payments, man.
Elijah Nelson: I was in pain management for what to say about a year, you know, whenever I was able to get to that, you know, make an appointment actually make it because I travel for work so much
Elijah Nelson: So it was kind of hard for me. They worked with me a lot, you know, just trying to make my appointments. Whenever I was at home, I would try to get in there, you know,
Elijah Nelson: And then, like I said, a lot. I'm not gonna lie. A lot of it just from friends. They're like, hey, I'll give them to you, you know, and I mean I know it wasn't right. But I just
Belis Aladag: I see. So there was the prescriptions when you
Belis Aladag: couldn't make it. And then there were the ADD ONS from friends in this in
Elijah Nelson: Their life like when I was out with I'd be out of state, then, you know, and I didn't have any you know I
Elijah Nelson: I would just call a friend because I can't make an appointment when I'm out of state sure there's a call for any senators.
Elijah Nelson: And I never would anything that wasn't prescribed, you know, besides the Suboxone which, you know, I'm not gonna lie. It's been like a monkey on my back, especially at work, you know, because you know I can get into a lot of trouble. And I don't want to get into no
Belis Aladag: Tell me about the work that you do that you had to travel for
Elijah Nelson: I build above ground storage tanks for refineries and
Elijah Nelson: I can show you.
Elijah Nelson: There's one right there.
Belis Aladag: Oh, wow.
Elijah Nelson: Look at that I built I built. Oh.
Wow.
Belis Aladag: Wow. So, so, okay, so it's a physical physical labor kind of job.
Belis Aladag: No one. Okay, so, so when he saw you, and he did the MRI and he said, You got some arthritis. It was from wear and tear arthritis, not the not the autoimmune rheumatoid was the osteoarthritis. Got it. Okay. Because you do physical labor. That's a lot of hard work. Wow.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so right now. Are you still traveling or are you pretty grounded right now in California where you're at.
Elijah Nelson: I'm pretty grounded right now. I mean,
Elijah Nelson: They're as long as they keep me busy and that's the thing, you know, like where I go where the work is and i mean i i worked. I would have been Vacaville California for years and
Elijah Nelson: I was always able to stay local you know somewhat local sometimes they send me up to Washington or, you know,
Elijah Nelson: Arizona or something once in a while, but there's always a lot of work around this area so
Elijah Nelson: Me and my wife ended up trying to get this wild hair. So we want to move out of California and moved to Tennessee and
Elijah Nelson: I worked for a company that would allow me to because I tried that, you know, I, I could stay around that area, you know, within maybe a four or five hour range and have jobs and did I go to like a tank job. That's all I do is build tanks.
Elijah Nelson: And, you know, so it, it seemed like a good idea at the time. You know, and
Elijah Nelson: Unfortunately, me and my wife ended up getting into the wars and
Elijah Nelson: Yeah. And then, so I I found myself back out here with a company that was an older guy that I worked on. I first started doing this type of work he
Elijah Nelson: He I called him. It was like, look, I'm looking to stay somewhere for a while, kind of like state to claim again and now I'm back in California, but
Elijah Nelson: I mean, I still own a home in Tennessee and my kids are out in Tennessee. So it's kind of hard to say how long I can be grounded out here. My kids are out there, you know,
Belis Aladag: Tell me, tell me about the kids. How many kids would hold on.
Elijah Nelson: I got three girls and they're 1311 and five.
Belis Aladag: Wow, okay. And there with your wife in the home that you guys own over there in Tennessee.
Elijah Nelson: Me and her get along very well.
Elijah Nelson: There's just something that, you know, kind of had to happen.
Belis Aladag: Do you think this hydrocodone the pain pills stuff had something to do with the demise.
Elijah Nelson: It probably did you know i mean i know it didn't help any you know because cheat. The thing is you never knew
Elijah Nelson: She knew that I would get prescriptions and
Elijah Nelson: But she never, I don't think she ever really don't think she ever really paid attention. That's, you know. That's probably part of that.
Elijah Nelson: There's a lot. There's a lot going on there so
Belis Aladag: So yeah, both sides. I see.
Belis Aladag: I'm sorry to hear that. And so
Belis Aladag: When did you move out away from. So when did the divorce take place. And when did you move here.
Elijah Nelson: Um, well, I was still working for the company that out. We moved out there. I was working for that company called Philips tank and
Elijah Nelson: They kept me pretty local you know I did jobs in Indiana and Kentucky and
Elijah Nelson: And then
Elijah Nelson: I ended up quitting that job and coming over here. When after divorce we split up about August of last year, and then the divorce was final around October 21 okay and then that was about the time I came to California and decided that
Elijah Nelson: I'm going to work for. I work for matrix company now here in California, but
Elijah Nelson: I see like that. I want to stay grounded on a stay for a while. I make decent money I'm trying to
Elijah Nelson: And but it's still hard because I pay right now here and pay for my house that they chose for everything, you know,
Elijah Nelson: And I'm trying to get my benefits set up. I mean, I've been working for him for five months. I don't know why I can't get benefits. The way the Union works is if you don't have enough hours in like I started in November.
Elijah Nelson: Of last year when I was able to finally start working for these guys and
Elijah Nelson: I didn't work enough hours by the end of the year to get my benefits for that quarter to start my benefits and then so this quarter.
Elijah Nelson: They don't, they do is they don't report my hours until the next month, the middle of next month. So am I trying to call him like, hey, when can I get my benefits. My kids need benefits, you know, and I needed to. Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: And then, like I say, when I called in for the evaluation. And they were like, they went over the prices and stuff. I just told him, I was like, I can't do it right now. I just I can't afford it and
Elijah Nelson: That's when our, our, our, on our, on our Johnny or I forget.
Belis Aladag: RJ RJ
Elijah Nelson: RJ RJ and call me yesterday. And she's like, You qualify for all of the free on grant and blah, you know, like, All right, awesome.
Belis Aladag: Okay, let's do that.
Elijah Nelson: And then hopefully we can
Belis Aladag: You know retroactively add you know once you get your benefits. We can get you in, you know,
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, I mean, I'll have been on them over at the Union, because I never been Union before and
Elijah Nelson: So I'm not. I'm learning as I go how this works. And so I've been on I'm trying to get them to my company to claim that are send them the hours that I've worked
Elijah Nelson: So I can get
Belis Aladag: Get this moving. Yeah, because you need it, like you said, for your family and yourself.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, especially with all this stuff going on right now. You know, and I'm surprised. I'm just lucky I'm I mean I'm super happy and less than I'm working right now because I know there's a lot of people go into a lot of stuff right now.
Belis Aladag: Financially, yeah. It's such a
Elijah Nelson: Girl world. It's insane. All this stuff happening. But anyway, so you're fortunate
Belis Aladag: And I'm glad that they were able to get you in the door here so that we can get you stable. So you it's one less thing for you to worry about, like, oh, am I going to run out. Am I gonna have to ask a friend, whatever, like let's just regularly do this.
Belis Aladag: Do you have any allergies to medication. No, no. Do you have any history of surgeries.
Belis Aladag: No, no, any mental health any like depression, anxiety, things like that, you were diagnosed with or given men's for
Elijah Nelson: No, you don't take any other myths. No.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, what else. Um, is there any risk of like suicidal thoughts or do you have any thoughts like that. Have you had that in the past, any, any nothing so
Elijah Nelson: I love life. Way too much. Okay.
Belis Aladag: That's nice. Um, okay, good. So no suicidal stuff. Um, what else do I need to ask you.
I'm
Belis Aladag: Your pain. So now on the Suboxone for the past year between four and eight milligrams. Are you pretty well controlled when you're taking it in terms of your pain.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, I feel great.
Okay.
Elijah Nelson: get me wrong. I like this, nothing makes me feel great. I don't. It's not like
Elijah Nelson: I don't get how not high on that. I just feel good.
Elijah Nelson: You feel bad mood.
You can function.
Belis Aladag: Side effects like some people
Elijah Nelson: Know what
Belis Aladag: A lot or they have constipation or anything. Do you have any issues with these you're okay.
Belis Aladag: Um, I think I got everything any family history. I should know about. Is there any family history relevant like I don't know alcohol use disorder. Any substance use disorders any mental illness. No.
Elijah Nelson: No.
Belis Aladag: And for you in terms of drugs or you ever, like, did you ever have. Besides, when you have this opioid exposure. It sounds like I'm back in Tennessee with Dr. Blunt after getting established with Dr. Blend is when you started getting this chronic
Elijah Nelson: You know, there's like a, it's like a, an angry monster. You're trying to feed. He just doesn't stop. And I just, I was so tired of taking it. I just
Belis Aladag: Yeah, but no other past like
Belis Aladag: Did you have a thing with alcohol or cannabis or do you do any of these things do you drink.
Elijah Nelson: I might drink on especially like on a social occasion like Christmas or Thanksgiving, I might have line and stuff. But other than that, I don't drink, you don't. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Which is good. Just so you know, because with this medication. It is an opioid, it's a partial opioid so it's a lot safer than everybody else. Everything else but still we don't recommend alcohol. It shouldn't mix with it, you know.
Belis Aladag: Yeah so. Okay, so you got that.
Belis Aladag: I think I think I've gotten everything. I'm just gonna put in your prescription. I'm Narcan ok so the risk of overdose with Suboxone is extremely low because there's a cap on the respiratory depression that it causes other
Belis Aladag: Boys. On the other hand, that's why people die they overdose and they stopped breathing. So, um, it's just California law that we prescribe something called Narcan as well. And you can choose to pick it up or not, but I'm going to put in the order, it's something
Belis Aladag: It's called Narcan it's it's a reversal agent. So like if 911 is called and someone's passed out and they they spray the person in the nose to see if it'll reverse an overdose.
Elijah Nelson: Oh,
Belis Aladag: It's a reversal thing and it's, it can save lives. You still need to call 911 if you use it on anybody, you're welcome to use it on other people like let's say you see somebody, and you're like, I don't know, it might feel opiate overdose. You could use it just spray
Belis Aladag: And if it's not that that say they had a heart attack or something and it's not going to hurt them.
Belis Aladag: So it's not a comfortable substance, but it's just there. If you live with anybody, or you want to have it on your person. It's just something that
Belis Aladag: I bit as well. Um,
Belis Aladag: And then finally, I'll send you. I have your email so I can send you some instructions. But the way we like to do things is by trying to do group appointments. So are you comfortable with that we can move forward and when, like in the beginning. I'll see weekly you do a weekly check in.
Belis Aladag: Hey, how's the medicine going, you need a refill. Let's just do that. And then, and then there's a therapist that runs the rest of the
Belis Aladag: Session about like, okay, how do you prevent relapse. Do you have any cravings to use or you know what what happens, etc. It's an opioid use disorder type of therapy.
Elijah Nelson: I mean, I don't know if I can. I'll do it. I don't have a problem with that. I just said, I don't. As soon as I found this box. And I never looked back on pills. I don't even. They're not even
Belis Aladag: Not even close. Never.
Elijah Nelson: Never. So then
Elijah Nelson: That's a blessing. So
Belis Aladag: It sounds like you found the right medication and that you don't really deviate from the path as long as you have medication.
Elijah Nelson: Even when I don't I just kind of sweat it out, you know, and as an admin been really
Elijah Nelson: It hasn't been really bad since that's last Sunday. That's the last, that's the only time that I've really ran out and like it's been like, I don't have no way to get
Elijah Nelson: You know, and really, I was just waiting for the mail, you know, I couldn't go another day, you know. Yeah, it was just like, too bad. I couldn't do it. I wanted to. Yes.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, but look, it led to something good, you know. And this way you can legitimately have your prescriptions.
Elijah Nelson: Actually, and that's what I told my girlfriend said well you know this. I just entered just go do it. Just go hey, I got medical benefits right now. So hopefully retro it, but let's just go over there and see what they say and then even a doctor, I sat in there for four hours. He just
Elijah Nelson: He's like, well, we don't we don't we don't prescribe narcotics. And I was like, dude, you're not even listening to what I'm saying, I don't want our cards I want Suboxone. Oh, okay. Here you go. Alright, thanks.
Elijah Nelson: It was weird. I'm like, okay, man. All right.
Belis Aladag: Well, and then and then they connected you with us, which is really
Elijah Nelson: Good. That's, that's really cool.
Belis Aladag: Because this is, you know, tele health, you can go anywhere. So even if you do move around. We have doctors that are able to prescribe in different states and stuff. So it should be able to, we should be okay.
Elijah Nelson: I'm
Belis Aladag: Okay, last thing is smoking. Do you smoke cigarettes or vapor anything
Elijah Nelson: Or do I do smoke cigarettes I SMOKE ABOUT five a day.
Belis Aladag: Five, six a day. How, how long have you been smoking. Would you say
Elijah Nelson: Well, I've been trying to quit. For the last 10 years but
Elijah Nelson: It's been about 15 years okay 15 years
Belis Aladag: So, so that's one thing we can definitely work on you know I can. Have you ever tried like lozenges nicotine losses, where you suck it suck on it like candy.
Elijah Nelson: No, I just the only thing I've really quit. I quit it for about eight or nine months with the debate.
Belis Aladag: With beeping. Okay.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, but then
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, I was like, even now.
Belis Aladag: There's some dangers. With that, I don't know if you've heard about the pneumonia issue that
Elijah Nelson: I've heard, and I've heard that they're going to outlaw like they're gonna cross the border just now. You cannot fake number. Yeah. So I don't know. I don't know how true that is but that's just what I heard.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, there's some so the thing is the thing you're inhaling in the vapor is the issues. There's still chemicals in there that they're not quite sure they're still cancer causing agents in there and then now they found this pneumonia link. And so I'm not sure where we're at with that.
Belis Aladag: But, you know, but you probably liked it because it gave you something to do, just like
Elijah Nelson: You know, the cigarette how the
Belis Aladag: Oral habit I tried
Elijah Nelson: I tried to was that pill called I tried that one.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, I try Chantix I got the weird dreams and all that, but
Belis Aladag: You want to do that.
Elijah Nelson: Right now.
Belis Aladag: You're like, I just want to take one thing at a time. Okay.
Belis Aladag: I'm
Belis Aladag: Okay so Chantix seemed to help a little bit in the past, you said
Elijah Nelson: It did. I was able to quit for with it, you know, okay, I quit. I quit for a while that was man I'm it's been 10 years ago.
At least
Elijah Nelson: But I quit with it. It was the hardest part was like that last day, you take the pills. It's like okay they let you smoke up until this point, you know, and it's like we take these pills and then on that last day was put them down and I was able to put them down, you know, and then
Elijah Nelson: I think I was moving around and I stopped taking it.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, and I started smoking in
Belis Aladag: Yes, it happens.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so
Belis Aladag: So we don't
Belis Aladag: We know that we have this drug that might work well for you. So we could do Chantix in the future, just something to think about. Well, I'll keep poking you a little bit once in a while.
Elijah Nelson: About because it's something
Belis Aladag: That's really good for your health that you could do.
Belis Aladag: All right. Okay. So we'll work on that. Some other time and then. Okay, any questions for me.
Elijah Nelson: Anything else. No, no. So I can just go pick it up or
Belis Aladag: You should be able to pick it up. If there's any problems you call our virtual clinic or that number that you have and then our Jane or their team will figure out what the issue is. And
Elijah Nelson: Make it flow for you.
Belis Aladag: And and then and then we'll I'm going to do this first group I'm new too bright heart health, too. So we're going to do this group meeting for the first time.
Belis Aladag: With a therapist, not tomorrow, but the next Thursday. So like in a week from now.
Elijah Nelson: So what are
Belis Aladag: These i'll give you enough to cover you through that Thursday, so eight days worth and then when you come in will refill you on that day and just see how the how it goes, you know, we'll go with the flow.
Belis Aladag: And then, and then try that. I'm finally NO OTHER SYMPTOMS, RIGHT. RIGHT NOW YOU'RE OKAY, because he gave you the Suboxone in the ER.
Are you
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, I'm fine.
Belis Aladag: No fevers, chills, you know, other symptoms, no body aches. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Nothing else. Okay. And then just regular review of systems, you don't get sores in your mouth or
Belis Aladag: I don't know. Respiratory trouble cough. No. Okay, it's running through
Belis Aladag: To do and then obviously we can't do an exam here but you seem like to move all your limbs, fine. You're over
And
Elijah Nelson: I would like a banana. Right now I'm wearing my
Belis Aladag: You wearing
Belis Aladag: Your Rain, rain here. All right. Um,
Elijah Nelson: They're starting to like even in the refinery like I thought this week, I think it was yesterday I was on my way to work thinking like, they're going to send us home today because of everything going on a lot of like set la people aren't working, and
Elijah Nelson: I guess they have a chevron refinery and El Segundo, California.
Elijah Nelson: And
Elijah Nelson: They shut that down. Like they send everybody home.
Elijah Nelson: Oh, because they had, they had a report a case of that Corona in there.
Elijah Nelson: There was a big scare and then they're
Elijah Nelson: They're going to do it here, but I think what they're doing is they're they're checking people's temperatures on the way in. So if you're over if you're over a certain temperature send you home.
Belis Aladag: I see that's
Elijah Nelson: A screening, at least at least a witness work though.
Elijah Nelson: Right here, I have to work.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, you gotta work. Um, okay, so I wish you luck with this whole Union thing and getting your stuff sorted out, but I'm really glad we could get you in the door and get you started.
Elijah Nelson: So like your last name again.
Belis Aladag: Allah. Allah
Elijah Nelson: Allah
Belis Aladag: Allah DAG. Uh huh.
Belis Aladag: Cool. So yeah, so it's nice meeting you. Thank you for sharing your story. And if there's any questions or anything. You just call, like I said, virtual clinic and they should be able to hook you up.
Belis Aladag: And so after we hang up at some point if you want to call them and say, hey, she said, I need to be part of a group follow up visit on Thursday, they can they can connect that as well.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Oh, one last thing. So, from my understanding, you will be receiving a manila envelope so make sure your mailing addresses correct you'll receive a manila envelope with the drug tests.
Belis Aladag: Don't open the manila envelope under
Elijah Nelson: She told me happy. Yeah, okay.
Elijah Nelson: Okay, don't open till I get to class.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah yeah
Belis Aladag: No, don't open till you call you call for that one. That's a home test, you just call the virtual clinic and you say, Hey, I got an envelope. Can I open it and then they watch you open it you take out thing. You go to the bathroom, come back and show them the thing with the temperature
Belis Aladag: So it's like a drug test.
Belis Aladag: A witness
Belis Aladag: Yeah, it's
Belis Aladag: Good.
Elijah Nelson: To know that. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, so that's why they don't want you to open it because they will. They'll count it as void or whatever. So don't open it just called virtual clinic and say, Hey, I got
Belis Aladag: The quest labs. Yeah. If there's a quest lab near you find out where it is just tell him you're bright heart health patient and they should have orders for you there. And that way we know like okay your liver is fine and everything just to make sure all baseline labs are okay.
Elijah Nelson: Oh, so I had to do blood and all that.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's the blood
Elijah Nelson: That's fine. I hate needles, but that's fine.
Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: I thought they were going to send me for a drunk chairs there. But okay, however they want to do it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. So be prepared mentally and be like, I'm gonna do this like look the other way telomere a chicken whatever us
Elijah Nelson: I will buy me
Belis Aladag: You know, yeah.
Elijah Nelson: Our okay yeah
Belis Aladag: Just the one time thing just to make sure, because this is processed by your liver. We want to make sure all as well. Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: Okay, okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay. All right, so we'll see each other. Soon, and good luck.
Elijah Nelson: Thanks for sound good. Okay.
Bye bye.
So patient with
Belis Aladag: Severe opioid use disorder and chronic pain.
chronic back pain.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm gonna put those in the chart.
Anything else that's about it. Thank you.